What's up
Hi good night Alive discovered in 7:30 with us we will
get there a little earlier but I will stay there will stay warm
here send the recipe our national secretary of fisheries a week being
Flamengo before Goiás look right then you celebrated with Tubaína and tilápia
that even with certainty then always a lot of good news to give to those who are in the business
from Fisheries to the secretariat has evolved a lot and I confess publicly to see if I
knew of the capacity of the Sef I would not have included in the sky
and what is one thing is always Brazil's solar economy it Maybe time
he will speak here until 7:30 huh how do the negotiations with Paraguay on the right side
ok business now we are still jealous as an instrument now until the end
of the month to make one more call him only from Paraguay she will kick here
Moscow that you can use the maximum of the binational Itaipu capacity you
get all and fish for all of South America there easy easy even to export
400,000 Brave you feel at ease I'm working here Feel free
to see if I left it there inside the alleged personal capital goodnight
thank you President is we have some actions that we're going to take this
channel here to talk to our audience about the actions of the national secretariat already
culture and fishing right is one of the questions that has been asked a lot
asked about the insurance made that are the is the issue of
is the question of re-registration the question of the inclusion of people who are
suspended all this involves is the new system that is already being approved with
with the digital government secretariat which is from the Ministry of Economy then the
The system is already ready. It is in the final stage of approval and verification.
security data and it will make life easier for thousands of fishermen in our
Brazil is also it is we want to disclose to you an unprecedented action by
national secretariat of culture and fisheries together with the federal police the INSS EA
Dataprev this year we managed to identify approximately 133 million
of suspected fraud what is it are people who manage to invade the
system and manages to register in the closed insurance
improperly and before this was not verified this was not checked anyone
I was taking care of that then through our approach with the federal police
of INSS Dataprev until December is this 133 million is a preview nor December we
we will audit the exact value but it is a number is very nice for us
we celebrate the government Bolsonaro Ministry of Agriculture and other
federal government agencies are really looking after the public purse right
of the National Treasury and with responsibility we right As always
we speak to president we want all legitimate fishermen
Brazilians receive closed-end insurance, which is not given to mechanics, the owners of
supermarket motoboy person who already has his job his income already earns his
money cannot and is being written as a fisherman
it is an irregularity you even dream of a crime, right, because it is provided by law and you
which is still written on the closed insurance that you don't fish more than you ever
participated in this activity don't stay is Mercer of the sanctions of the law is us
we recommend that everyone look for the INSS by telephone 135 I ask for your
voluntary unsubscription right We do not want in any way to harm the
nobody's life we ​​know that many people were cut off and seduced to
enter this system in the past to sell illusions but we are
moralizing the issue of payment of closed pension insurance in Brazil is another
important issue now speaking to our aquarium
the people who live in the ornamental fish tank since going almost eight years 78
years that freshwater streaks were not allowed to be marketed in the
Brazil and the Brazilian radio stations are wonderful there is commercial interest
very large was suspended So those interested from October 1st
can look for the superintendencies of both Amazonas and Pará that we
we will issue a quota for the capture of these specimens to be able to do the
trade in these species This is a great evolution in management because we
establishing quotas is a major evolution because there are many gems going on the
Brazilian producer the riverside fisherman the caboclo earns his
money you know that one example of this live several times up to 100
times his price to good so a great opportunity for the
live fish trade, right, fish for ornamentation purposes in Brazil and it was a
news that all the aquarium sector was waiting for the national secretariat
card fishing is now also about traceability tracking the
agriculture and fisheries secretary the president is partnering and with
globofix batch which is an entity linked to Google for tracking the
vessels what do we want with this besides safeguarding human life
besides taking care of the life of the fisherman who is there in the middle of the ocean besides helping the
Ministry of the environment in the inspection issue will also bring a
Fisherman's safety and bring traceability to the fish he
brought in this way, we add value, we can export to various
countries that today we are not able to because there is certification and we
we are very close calls it a partnership with Globo Pixote that
it is news that the entire productive sector, from artisans to industrialists
an association was waiting for us to guard and we have evolved there
and a news story that directly involves the action of this man, a decree was signed to
we am not relaxing here the decree number of Union waters right this
decree we're percent and 148 first union water contracts
after the reduction of bureaucracy we made the new decree partner and this one
this new moment of Brazilian culture President with only 648 hours we can
produce almost 250 thousand more tons of fish per year logically that this
Total capacity is the entrepreneurs that start with small productions and this
it grows and matures another potential prisoner
and just as Brazil is a major exporter of grains of cattle and pigs
of birds Brazil has all the conditions we met Captain as you say
always with the blessings of God we gather all the qualities to be a
protagonist one of the main fish producers in the world and still
we are importers but this reality is going to change Okay last you
allows and you won this gift Here look
you can take the filezilla sorry, now we cut some little tilapia files
here people from Itaguaí have a street vendor there who makes these boards my cousin
bought the sea bought this tava and sent it to the dream as a gift there you know
this figure here is not is good people is the only man that I am in love with him
so here the people were Thanks there the people from itaguaí I don't know the name there
of the boy who manufactures Congratulations thank you are here, delivering it live on our
President bolsonaro thanks for the gift receive
the captain please I was here with cement there, I was warming up arrived
the captain lacks it Captain that the post please turn off there
it is but i think it deserved a special one word session to resist the
Jorge had here who knows the questions already asked in advance there with the staff
of the sinusitis Augusto Ruiz special as current Commander here of the team because it is
one thing that we have a huge potential to did that
the soccer field has a water depth of one hectare and produces 10 to 15
tons and three a year and can cut already imagined 10,000 just to divide
10,000 kilos by induction 365 days you how much do you give how many kilos of fish
per day and another five in that same hectare I will share the music tex
by 10 the probability of one hundred and one hundred tons per hectare of being sits there in
in front of this defense of it like that but 150 years ago I could have arrived
need here he will say something about it his area you can get here
there is also the advantage that there is a face that the door there from the plague goat
Hahaha even from the northeastern northeastern camouflaged no difference is
and in time at Santa Clara de Crateús Beach, you see the pallet I told you about
first lady i get it there with many years just be smart look
found in Japan and South Korea and
(Laughter)
and the era of Farias Brito and the air, these are two big holes that prove
damn it don’t implement I’m talking about something here in this one did
right in life also in 1973 i took the Ita contest and for the gym and back
I was very good and physical at my father's house and if you have you know one more
year maybe two would have been passed by i'm sure this but the end
that year the head approved by the academy
the style sign i'm not upset not the attempt like just now i'm
like you some few years in contact with me i've been through
commanding her we already answered he already answered here the commander in shorts
business I don’t know what is his answer but it’s being coincidental Where’s the
plague goat I'm going to leave or maybe you want to pass it to me, right, you're being the President
contest forbids and that Air Force Academy is just too Tato I called
for the commander of hers did not see if even possible He got in touch
with this other institution and schedule a different one week from each other here
inside the side I can't get the pants I'm giving a test I tried Rita
there are a few different days now here in the
case here now Willi and Air Force Academy the kids were right
kind of sad God wants Commander Question He's putting faith in the power of
pink I ask him okay you are the first job in the hand of
republic and
(Laughter)
(Laughter) And then
and you are sure that in the absence of Darcísio, our executive here
it's almost in a right condition it's not nearly to find the bag here boy
just look here he can get out of there and
Hello i'm the devil a pretty intense schedule i get
the fifth head here I raised the dog here I passed a dog with the
Palmeiras shirt that goes he pee comes hahaha I'm going to disclose the
What you just thought he would take care of my dog ​​just because if not because yesterday
National Dog Law I Said Seduction That Dog That Count Thief
c ****** continues until the dog and function them that deputy Fred Costa
He presented a bill that was approved and our action to live as
solution here is also now / heavy here it's just personal money
and does not have the proper naval care treats the dog, which is a very big cowardice
put the dog on the motorbike domestic animal the penalty that is quite heavy there folks
some the key by the excessive head now for being a trapped dog
nothing we come to mistreat an animal gives more than the side the Refinement of
cruelty that I had many times out there drying animal touching fire coming
something amputating her legs God thing and even the joke I do here the
medicine and the dog the dog that takes him in total with the shirt of the
Palm trees running away and gratitude for the debt licking me is the face and not in me
but that's ok let's see the video soon more to quite funny videos from
batistenha with the others with you and I liked it for free So let's go today
early posing on the land is by Tércio Campina Grande Campina Grande were
received by Mayor Romero Rodrigues he is not a candidate for reelection because he has
problem saying his name here received him very well is he gave some hug
Melo with this side here we have been asking for five years three years but beauty made a
good work as City Hall of Campina Grande and good luck in his life outside the
politics now when Campina Grande is by helicopter we went to São José do
Egypt fell in love being crowned that knowing Saint Joseph of Egypt did not
and there will be a Grosso one, the last stretch, right of one of a stage of the Water Supply
Pajeú, the work started with me, I don’t want some to notify me right, I'm
completing other people's water is a lot cheaper even because I have no money
to start a new one you can’t rob a 2090 highway
Sometimes we’re ready and unless I’d like to don’t go to the beach
from the photo bar below the bar I’m not asking you for a field of something
Drone here is an inaugurated one there right
[Song]
Ouch
and this new work 15 is not finished yet, so we have to finish it
still serve 68 cities right and more or less Our terrible thing here you
sat and cities and all right and the stretch here
and it is made up of two dams has 220 meters of 220 m difference in level so
a lot of electrical energy is spent to go up the staff is quite advanced
in the study or to have a small system some small farms
small farms with photovoltaic plates help you because they came out constant so
all day long I want to see Gilson well sunny almost every day of the year too
unfortunately brings What are the days of the year a technology goes but unfortunately
he comes back with animals and the photovoltaic plates actress used a little
on them more and more they are more complex and have higher productivity in is
so thick every time business still books me that really entered a
durability a farm Miguel has 30 years ago thirty to thirty years and one thing
that the world of finishing people talked a lot about it Marcos Fontes has
invested in this area the issue of construction work and graphene
battery is about to be on the verge of reaching the market Logical will not arrive
in an amount still here that flows to everyone but with the
characteristic about the battery you took doing normal people I wasn't even
with the bottle it makes it exclusive to heat this order this about battery
cute you can't take a few minutes you recharge all the
battery in your car and as you go to the gas station now in the
bathroom take a coffee and come back You already get a new autonomy for 500 km
from below them so keep the technology coming you counted getting it right
in your face there will be and there will be your house with a sign
photovoltaic in you and you in the car during the day are loading there in the
then you start to see, you know, to use oil
in which the future we are now in shock of two years applying 170
on that girl, right, and gasoline is the question to consult nowadays, question of
few cents and after the two have shock or just the PEP the price exploded
now with this new technology with these battery fruits coming back, right, appearing on
market the price will drop scary right because it helps understanding
this one I love is less commission is a fantastic thing and we have Brazil
here Monday we have information 98 percent of the world's niobium is in Brazil EA
great Araxá mine I had Araxá two years ago other elections ok I didn't have in
Catalan still to see life for free because the lie has been sold already
few years ago the Chinese bought in Catalan and we also have a large reserve in the
Lakes Region and you can be sure that we will do
partnership with another country for sure now is just going to explore the
my quick come on add value to this mobile I bought even if I can Japan
and I bought a chain I don't know saw I solved the 2
a new door on I brought the invoice I paid with pain
in the heart you can’t enter quiet even current again in
neck i was going to ask you right but i had chain weigh to be able
show Look I just paid the chain here saw folds now you with 10
little chains and put all of New toy present
and I use for jewelry something that I didn’t know was just the guy when it’s
very greedy right For Money Stay tuned there are people who are allergic to gold
and this little chain of fear and don't have people go to people as it is
which is the deal here so you can not talk about that culture any
another house is close to it
what eats fish intelligence every day of the best there you want
and there’s how we’re always doing, right? We speak in the place that
place is this place that I want to stop is unexpectedly
interview And we stop now look just to make fires is Pernambuco and Paraíba
no longer wants to Paraíba sure sure burnt
it's logically right to venture there I had a Coca Cola those bottles
very good, right? Coca-Cola could be Pepsi to try people she could also have Coca-Cola
be a Tubaína also remember beauty and then only for ice cream parlor
sorbeteria Sorveteria da Paraíba in a wonderful party very worth you
go on Facebook if Ah and watch if as the population of
in this local boss I’m very happy with this trip and they’re going
continue if God wants and there was an expectation at the charts
Santa Cruz from capi tulo Capibaribe Smash escape Bahia the Polo of confection of
Latin America I saw Gilson Gilson's accordion videos here from the Gucci group
Brucellosis here our secretary of Tourism, you can't take things
traveling I said I thought we could
Hello i am the video i was just waiting for the square i apologize but
when we went there we passed and for being Tânia or better when we stopped there
already in Campina Grande it was already a plane, so you can stop at the square you’ve lived
it was the helicopter of the second stop more of the foresight to return in my zone
now let's go to the big stage of the São Francisco Gil transposition
submission boot ask you stop at the go there in Santa Cruz de Capibaribe
need railroads come on great news great news is that this week
the installation license for the central-west integration railway came out. So we
will connect the Araguaia Valley in Mato Grosso do Sul left this week
way we sign the contract in november next year we are going to do a
new railroad that doesn’t exist that will connect there Água Boa
the thick until north-south railroad so far I left there 4 more nozzles on the railroad
so it's coming walking well we are hiring for 30 days there
I had that contract with you to finish the surgery
of that will be missing from 590 she leaves Maranhão Pará Tocantins Goiás and dies
here at the São Paulo post the forecast is to anticipate a little bit
pathology is we in April leave that operational working now has
a surprise there is the one that before that we’re already able to see the
first train with stacked containing already what i cut it double on top
taking double step What is the gauge of the Nation there was one with 6 m is that we
flame of dollar past assets 90 cm in folks is full metric sabiola of a
doctor and the wide gauge of about 60 we’re all yours we’re with whom
talk and even more stability, right?
skills more durability more security that gives you to put the
cutting going there will help that special touch that I'm not a kind of load
we look at it, it has a vocation for agribusiness has a vocation for
the famous agriculturals in it the soy the corn but it will also stay Fuels and
general cargo already start to load refrigerated each along this railroad
container in the future to bring a lot of cargo out of São Paulo and
industrialized for example Brasilia we got close you can see this news
here and the true Brazilian trade balance registered a positive balance of
six billion in September, so for the period, right, January to
September The second best in history this new economy Ok wait it will
start we are seeing the president photos this year we
In practically every month, we broke a record of monthly movement
last for example was the best month in the history of the people of Santo over the month
feel no longer car in every way a polymerizable the
gift card will expire Fernando to see the process driving thing
in the past in the political fray today we have no problem thank god in 2018 with
closed for fear of three months today last year of profit this year with your class
of history and this pie is making a profit right
some some happy relationships but he has reduced a lot because he doesn’t
there was this rigging of state-owned companies I don't remember tips I want
back talk to you for asked to have crossed stand to see if not
you know I don't want to ask a question you don't know, right, it seems every ton
that he leaves the load I'm saying that I percentage Delta x I don't know how many
real after that is a bleak rate teaching journalist has a
rate that we call the table that in the table for maintaining the channel in the port
and that for a long time it was used on the company's board, so I
I'm in a bad voice Until I wasn't going to do anything I didn't do it is a consequence of some
opened it cannot come pay it is not possible to draft against the bottom finishing of
each we feel that we lose blade is a meat broth that we leave for
times you bring a ship home the mind increases the course Pati looks does and
simple but when you use this feature for other purposes a lot can
happen good and bad but it seems there was a bastard that existed some time on top
the port of Santos in particular was not a good thing they work we did
President recently two auctions of cellulose terminals its sounds 505
million increasing revenue the terminals are being real versicle and
we are interested in fundraising, we are interested in investment and the result
extraordinary you have five million that are being invested in the port to
solve tours right to increase the capacity of Porto and
to prepare the way for the future, another thing that I will be published tomorrow in
Diário Oficial da União the pandemic car right We are in a hurry
talking quietly the name of Cássio Marques congratulations
in Alagoas the first vacancy in the Supreme Court we have a cow
presents next year this second will be with evangelical
and now any home cream is taking the title, anyone is taking
there were some 10 things here at the table some that never excellent curriculum but never
had talked to him just put one person because even with all
respect that I have this person had to have more contact with me over
of the time ok I good people indicating what is unfortunate right from 10 and
choose one of the new Metallica remnants and start taking a place accused of
socialist communist linked to the PT hi look I'm everyone here right allude
over three 14mp with the connection now because of that stay is communist
or socialist and lousy bludgeon on him then also say that he went back to
overturn an injunction that prevented the Supreme Court from banning the case
Federal buy lobster I already talked to Caio right This injunction was his
what happens can someone give me I want to buy it I like it i don't i'm not going to
my dear you put the winner I already know
my wife wants to buy I don’t know but I don’t I don’t collect it
I think you have to set an example as well as the three corporate cards that
I have it, just paste it here, don't listen to the 732 company, it's just for
as varied expenses as possible for international travel you don't want that
i pay hotel i'm going to travel outside of Brazil because of the ten days
outside Brazil pay yours with my salary of 30 thousand for yourself and not
there is no other hard thing not because it has a bacterium application it doesn’t
I get and didn’t ask for the tip of the other camera I didn’t come 30 thousand a month the day
is posting is in bed also says no to it and the public because it is a
there solidarity a concrete salad to avoid certain problem
now we are going to qualify the judge just because there is an injunction to return there
the menu of the supreme well if the judge months before if he cannot there against the
another to do that is not worth french fries the other pleasure because he is a vegetarian not
we are going to end up with red meat in the Federal Supreme Court this is going to
each institution I will not criticize the Supreme because of that even I do not
I do here this one day to try Lagoa here because I was my wife that I didn’t
I want I want Lagoas guys
the problem can be poor who can’t eat, okay, it’s not, it’s not for
disqualify want to see something has a name there that was widely considered as
supremagrill is with our dear there beauty André André Mendonça
I use it when I could, André is not discarded, he’s already on the tape Jorge
that tape and ok and that makes our why so connected
also with seven months I would not speak here I go men do not have more people in
tape well then that they were talking about now André Mendonça is the grandpa against
the best in favor of gender ideology and it is true it is true that childbirth will
stay with you now here what happened Maringá is the São Paulo City Hall
Paulo there the different Barros congressman brilliant of the city coffee
and experiencing lunch even the city approved the bill turned nor is it
forbidden then still in the Geni Hum I asked for time off well someone else came with
a direct action here with solitude went to the Supreme still rolls there when there is
the actions the attorney general of the Union that he is a plane at the time André he went there
I said that Dinha was right to be overthrown the law of God religion that
forbade him already And it’s because he doesn’t advocate or
counts right Your voice is his money day and it was released there at that moment
how much the initiative identified accounted for the municipality's initiative to legislate on
education that otherwise and that of hundreds of municipalities in Brazil is
approved so people money then he was going to say what next next
so looking is my wife he doesn't defend his position he defends the position
that he has to defend raises finds functionality
well then André is supporting you at this time This is a reason that killed a lot of Na
I made a note at the time I said ah it has nothing to do with André the pastor
evangelical the knowledge and name is sensational and he is divulged there against
the initiative of the municipality gives him disappearance and if he had won to bring to André
defending from this great O and the municipality of a
and from Maringá, from Paraná, it's cool, there is no gender ideology there
neighbor let's assume Cascavel Cascavel if the project is approved an ideology point
at school has to be going to the kids Joãozinho Joãozinho is not
Maria after having Maria also you don't have it right when you have 1415
the mayor there who supports style measures and usually the mayor is a dominance
about the town hall so through the things she and now here for example
here the player Cássio isn't beaten by pressure from the menu, it's something else about
watch it I sent to see the woman's model here saw what happened what was the
any participation and he swears and judges people in
serious people We forward the résumé to me to his candidate
right he writes right voice happened And these people have already been eliminated
past and I want awesome poop is judged
people and carve with people from one hour to the next without without
proof of nothing now let's assume in case you will feel it as soon as you take
knowledge, right, he's researching there, because he gave thousands of certainty in
life that he has the participation in that case although whoever decided the
battisti is in Brazil was the Supreme Federal Court was nobody of
customer of the TRF a great injustice none was the Supreme Court asks for a
criticism about the only does not say that we are Manente
I've been talking to him for a while now, he took a lot of things with me
yes hello i'm from family is catholic
and the family there and you I’m sure you’re going to show him his work
Supreme Federal Court but then take a note here
I looked, I spoke with that reason, whoever says that the Supreme is not me who hints
is another is the Federal Senate I give my love I walk for example here I
I take it for example here or and our dear Minister here from
transport listen to your eyes here another phosphoric acid arrives arrives in the senate
he can show the fabric this guy here doesn’t matter is the reason and his name
is rejected you take a little time to appreciate here you are watching me there
which is the doubt of depreciation
and last year until more or less April of this year you who are not whoever it was
the accused Emmy award you wanted Sergio to live with his cousin this is it being
other than Sérgio Augusto Franco and he didn’t even threaten on Facebook all the time if he didn’t
it’s Sergio that the Supreme is over is over now you want me to change the
case by Sérgio I live
Hi, so what? So, I’m already loving, so what do I do? What do I do?
what answer there you want yours playing with the Supreme you already going
be the beginning there that will be loyal to our I know what will pass the senate
federal What is looking for forget about friendship is
an important thing, you know, and I can get it from you, I will indicate
next year first prerequisite has to be arranged is terribly
get the other one, you have to take Tubaína with me, but it's already on the curriculum here
now here wonderful 10 10 the curriculum indicated he little authorities authorize
10 if you don't know my commitment is
with an evangelical trust generates evangelical and catholic or evangelical I
I saw the gospel and and evangelicals because I have a
tremendous respect you are for over 30 million goes thirty percent of
Gospel in Brazil I think he has a person in there when passed
used to say that having a vehicle has to have a woman no one says anything when
I say he has to have the evangelical but it’s not just because the gospel he has to
be aware that And then
a supreme way and I want to put a person there is not
to put certain things and lose by 10 He arranged everything there I will
vote according to your beliefs according to the interest
conservative pectus but looking for a way to earn something too
but this Arriving arriving changes and leaves quiet yes no yes no
the other day of that one of that Secret session
What did I do? The air in here depends on us, it wouldn't have been shown, right?
I have no headache for us to make a 30 second video, right?
best moments 1 22 bad words my video fame have you had any bad words
right you are missing no problem torn and bo
the teacher and it’s worth seeing again that I haven’t seen
a lot happened there I said look there are people in the spheres of powers
those who do not know what beans and rice feel like, people feel the breath of the
People Good, give a hug, have a Coca Cola, good popsicle, take a ruffle kiss
to see in the face of a dog pee today the dog and cat after God
because I was wearing Palmeiras Cachoeiro's shirt, I'm going to complain because I have to
see her i'll call he came to complain later there Okay then my
sun And then the person wants to put
in conversation with the boys, I’m not accusing the beginning, she didn’t know the
people is not true that's it but talk it over there the Supreme
I can only the lawyer Jota Lima now that I Levi
to make a first defense that the word Tunes an extremely person
polite and Short Levi could fall in love with him is having his mind on the first
moment that I heard from even surprised me, you know, when I sent an electron from da
Justice right I said André here your Hotel reservation here in the reservation there but
we started we found out that i must be at the pgfn church she do national and that
she of the phases leaves mine which is my duty to get my wallet quickly I took
because this beginning he was scared and usually serious
And then how much am I in for a reasonable time other it's a business that is
much discussed with much from the coconuts the other Minister who
what is working really well for the person
exceptional is making my defense right in the case there are these supposed
interference with the Supreme Court with the police the federal police some
complain right you have to be more visible
he will hit me I'm already Fernando Pô makes a certain amount of defense even if I
put the silk for baby Oh ok
what we are civilized here nobody is going to attack anything as it is
that was your husband theme really How did you marry me say how much it is
good and yours I don’t know if you ask a lot and then and there you go I needed you not
wanted this for me Done has experience with this problem I know that
has to be done how to make a
[Song]
What's up
It's true I'm Remo supreme apollon Alan
three years ago who wants that one is 20 nowadays when it will be
hi hi access will talk i would like to do the
soon decided to solve this problem right it went wrong with crackling
the deputy from Rio Grande do Sul who called me a blower but it is a process that
I spent the years suffering from it, accused there of
apology and ****** defends the title of beautiful woman is crazy ugly woman no
and what happens Then, as I have a love apple, it was so much with 350 judges because
you put up to 500reais Association of take this Niterói in the 2nd Instance o
order today believe the second instance right I went I said
because it wasn’t going to a gay pride parade what do you believe in God shirts that
also like touches more on this subject is and then this Lesbian Association said that
I lost the family of homosexuals right the second instance the rapporteur will ask
prosecutor's equipment requested filing and I asked for
the STJ has 500 thousand I mean if I miss that day action if you want that
i will pay i will have to do something there
and sacrifice you that you disagree I shouldn't have more or less that there on earth
will eat I will touch the cowboy in elections is what I said no
I intend to enter into municipal versions of this year with respect to the city hall, right
Unless there is an exception to avoid a problem São Paulo has my
candidate this one already knows José Maria spoke in the column young father and we don't know
that Flávia is okay I have Candida also the fat guy in Belo Horizonte the
chubby i already told him if he gets elected mayor he will always lose weight
will see that the heavy load but I have to think so has the competence to
tow the city hall we know that I'm the mayor very well Okay and who's going
choosing the people of Minas Gerais has an excellent candidate also in Santos not
I'm going to say nobody's name here like him a lot right back there he gave a
it's a decision already started at Carandiru there which was for me it was exceptional we are
the courage that it wasn’t Fair that he personally spent in this in this in this
Episode of Carandiru you like him a lot emanate also has a bald
I like him there too I can put the one for my brother but I will
it hurts, right? It has everything to be more exceptional, but I don't want to
to open is because each thing to open there Manaus cannot be the one that appears the other
another candidate there too bread could be I don't know PSOL my gift is ok
campaigning for Careca here tell the father that he is not skinny here too and
I have a country that facilitates it is easy because of the problems so we left
running to Brazil on the side of where you don't have to chase after we know that
I made a note these days then we know that January February of the year that
right, the second managerial and economics end in December It may not have caught
Until then, we have 38 million at its most, right now, it’s invisible.
the number has grown so much that the husband of this and not everyone will be able to return
to the market the time that I am of the world football of the health room gave opinion
favorable to the return of the fans right first moment 30 the merger the fans there
my ear with the Governor there is right listening to the one always right will
appear if you stay all the time stay well together and stay at home here in
home and then decide to spin around now let's see the overcrowded beaches
happen more said he was going to talk a glass I will only slowly understand that
I must take care but especially with older people it heats up has
disease, like news and the goal of staying at home was not for her to prevent that
you get to avoid with a large number of people get it is very close to the
nothing makes us very small and go to hospitals to be
intubated your treatment is shark so that's the breather cap at
so, you know, those purchases are going to pay 200 thousand for the respirator because
justifies the bidding We are well calamity
and put it up until the suvaco goes play, you have a problem out there and now I'm
dying here in the field hospital after almost two has already been deactivated soon
Rio de Janeiro if I am not mistaken are these millions two or three paint in
campaign the verse you take your millions invests nation of Rio de Janeiro
you modernize all over federal hospitals your voice and Santa Casa from behind a party
there he spent his fortune What is older is disgusting but you are a veterinarian
today you understand why the matter and if you leave the animal stuck in the
curralzinho that happens Pedro even though Android calls are calling anyone
lemon here please Ok but this one stays at home increased the number of obese
Good morning obesity a sign of that just unhealthy health problem that will
having everything funny many diseases will need is an animal when validating the
sides get sick right maybe I also don’t know what it’s like when you don’t
boss here has depression and even more right, but for you here so that the Doctor
Jair Messias bolsonaro here and the European Society of Cardiology
said what said what hydroxychloroquine does not cause arrhythmia
take that first one of them the health back there is a cart Mia comes here in
home because you have shortness of breath will wake up and you will go to the hospital
and you can tell I think I’m going to have only works and it works so it doesn’t cause
people see what cause Is there someone from Manaus here at the time here with the face of
party is over there Oi Manoel spoke of the one in front
I called here people from the Amazon region forgot that I am the desert
And we have our laboratory here at the pharmacy in Brazil
because it is used there and there are people who use it even with form
preventive action of our personnel from Brazil when cow missions is in the breed already had in the
past I want to take the one from the back I put it in my pocket
1kilo and not and remains to hear that verse was
I am not [Music]
and my old man didn’t go up When do you take some?
I took it later I got a recipe it is not true you will see it ok I must
recent to his face there want to go back to his brother's troop so I'm doing
a packet here the guy that the 1st Sergeant never took off, right, and the doctor here more or
less than a third of the price the rest of Brazil right
o and having barbecue every day is awesome you had to talk today
today I want barbecue is paratism and like Joca I am my consultation is
much to listen to have you know that the guys Oh that bass and every month there is together
with this dinner also stay all day
and
and close the personal trade take tereré there and go to sleep you see if you continue
so it is still to talk to the husband does not want to talk
with me because from Paraguay I already know that the subject of my crop folder we are going
see you come here The Friendship Bridge the second strong source at forty per
percent executed outside expansion of the Nova Iguaçu transport one who knows
decide in here And then hitting Porto Murtinho another
So the first source was a voice presence, it’s really easy, you can’t miss it
for another reason it has that it can screws the friendship of the interaction of the
opening and then we see the reasons here is very far right wait for another
thing and up to forty percent is done before is with project running on
Paraguayan side is responsible for the Sources screen going on project and we
hired link access projects to continue let's do another one
bioceanic corridor there that makes the kid okay Forty percent of works
executed are working text a nice to see if it is worth just finishing
when I saw the plant see the model of the opposition, right? Paraguay didn’t
know who is the director of the Brazilian part
Hello we will assist you in what was Defense of time time including costume
or right but you present I said I was going to put it I said I'm going to put it
partner on the defense doesn't have to got there I think he heard me
talking until I thanked the topic and did it fulfilled exceptionally I'm sorry
take that lesson there in the clean right you will represent us there after that
here unfortunate incident, right, the person uses it there at the post that killed people
are disgusting many other multi the other is terrible He went with one the plane
kc-390 to us but didn’t see the presidential plane the right the coffee was taking
some material there to attend to something emergency is more of a
signaling than that due to the amount that I used very little in the bludgeon it is very
little envy is very good, right? So they are used American instead 23
tons of cargo you have because you’ll have to fill it with fuel
to be able to contain Atletico I am already 31 Buddhism see there with the President boy
Michel Temer a cellcli
And then we’ll give it, I’ll give it to me to see you.
of our dear brigadier ask about the contest there give us that day
team bottle a different date than all the kids who studied playing in the two
there she is right she had come here [Music]
and I'm just finishing teaching here that debate in the United States
quiet and Joy Rider that's right low be careful moment the dance said
that we were going to get everybody 20 trillion dollars to give to us to end with
fire in the Amazon so he was going to impose sanctions and set Our tool
because after years of a certain animosity, right, if not one of a
is Itamaraty work in the very pro stay up to the left braid always
accusing the United States of internal problems Our here in Brazil we
we established this diplomacy in its Fullness for the work logically
academy has delayed other creative projects that the American government here
in Brazil it's okay and also right Yeah we went beyond beyond the pandemic and elections
now launched so by I don’t know if I spoke the vote Now I’ve seen today see the
video of the comments on the numbers he spoke on the debate hits me the
thing with absurd words thing Okay and he wants the ball there seems
that is trying to break up to break up Brazil's relationship because of the
we know that some countries have us sneakers Amazon
And if we have to do what, what, this, and how do you do it?
despair of that is to have one of your loved ones prepared but your weapons have been
scrapped over the past 20 years it seems that the intention is Miguel the
military so that the socialist project can be more easily implemented in the
future has not reached its goal despite the scrapping of the Armed Forces gives
right we started to recover this screen is the best all my cistern is
corner with all the time until the defense will spend more than time education
all this [ __ ] you're interested in spending more to spend
And then what if one day some country right in the
power decide to do something stupid here in Brazil you will do what to
do what is quiet So what and then you went
and will put the tail between the legs and we have to deal with Nations started by
cause of this is because it’s because the guy Captain doesn’t need my Captain Gee I
nothing is missing DVD DVD the book His road is missing with black heels
then you’re doing his part now if my view with Tarciso can come here
present that I bring should now and as at the beginning of the capillary transition I
had chosen Paulo Guedes is when a chubby car arrived for me the
I have three Ministries still talking to whom but I
I give behind him to be the first in the economy brings the guy here when Paulo
Guedes here how to change one to make a debate here only we leave the
another water and I didn’t know you in that one, right
but if it has another name but if it is better to change it now without any problem what I
I want someone from the ministry to issue a problem
the movie I'm not the guy who has to know about structure, it's you so you can stay
wrong thing you have to be weird just put the chest you don't think i
I'm saying that you are going down, you will help Federal, we launched here a new
is my project plan to benefit people from agrarian reform then
approximately 300m from the possible God of heaven to take
serving 10 thousand families in the countryside and I is a housing credit access
to build houses and 34 to renovate half of that amount here that the
money directly from the beneficiary's card has no intermediary does the
access to receive and we will serve 10,000 families are calling me 350
here in front 340 million reais so there is my house my life right
in the old days that I already had for the field, but it wasn’t implemented, you’re here in
comment that I also have a question exists only but the people of the young plant
watching something work i'm going to work or it's on vacation it's not good Until
that finally worked wanted to know took three months of vacation does not leave the front
in front here Facebook 24,000 YouTube 17,000 is ours there then there are drips
Luzia do Augusto a lot 65,000 Young Pan News 17,000 an hour having to spend myself
and the lunch music group Only now when it's over here will you go to Jovem Pan
that comments are also a lot of action is a lot of responsibility and once in a while
when there is also a crisis on their part this is it I want to be
identified yes but criticism like and not like most of my does
on earth a word here is the joke that the dog that i did already
I will speak with malice already dog ​​new president for the will of evil right
talk to you if you liked it
What's up
And then it's even difficult to answer, I like it a lot
good night there a hug for you but the work is so damn right so i will
until we start saying that tomorrow we will be going to the North come on
visit the Abunã bridge already seeing connect and preparing land for
inauguration that we are going to do there in December that bridge o What the river
that Jesus is the real thanks but he is an important source is in the state of Rondônia
but it is important Above all with that quantum necklace you will say something
I don't curse on the bridge either, that's it, we arrived on the order of
service even if the law with hiring the truck drivers inhabiting the two
cities on the side that gave a statement to a precise 40 gives to
resolve there is economic viability in the gut this source you can
200 million maybe to be present for was worth the flow of a kilo that if
produce that pays off and picks up protocol signal has lots of
thing for example 230 that the Transamazônica 422 that links that goes to
Tucuruí that at the end of the day is a connection to the port of Vila do Conde
we have the duplication of 304 in Rio Grande do Norte is 116 in Ceará 135 in
Maranhão 135 in Piauí 235 in Piauí 343 316 right the recovery of 222 116 in Bahia
the conclusion of a principle in Bahia of the Nascent situation in the Northeast is the
west-east integration railway is 8 - we finish this year we have there
the beginning of the central-west integration railway on which it obtained the license
now they’re actually in a situation, they’re going to be helping reasons
assistance with leaving which is stress disturbs more so in the neighborhood of
Penha is only because otherwise it will hinder the old days
the culture regarding the will to ask what I said to her
hit that mount Let's give it but the first contact is to amuse Wow can't talk
in the field, she is afraid of the breast staff in the mountains, she is in a hurry
we do so much that we can because it has a focus on people they have some people
I want to get in the way, I'll see, but it's okay, he has 470 Santa Catarina 280
four points Três Rios I will not speak all of you no I forgot some it
will say so listen to some railroad targets we will have the start of
construction of the central-west integration railway how to move forward here
will unite here and here means the guy wants to leave Mato Grosso and will arrive
at the port of Ilhéus we will already have ours ready for operation next year
so up to which channel that railway spine passes from the gas station
from here to Santos point and others leaving good water to Ilhéus has the
extension of the Paulista network extension of the South network
a Grosso do Sul pension from Maria Norte to Lucas do Rio Verde ferrogrão that look
it's going well for her by the investors Let's settle this contract another
question i don't know what time the european pingos nos is going to end
another question that uses a the plate 1
What's up
help me
when connecting the use I think that transformation time was put there in that
professional that I always emphasized smartphones right an act of great courage
President bolsonaro make this paradigm break it really does all the
difference and obviously here is working very hard to give
result so first we set the liabilities we approved a new polygonal
Santos proposal we approved a new zoning plan so Santos has
today for this new it has polygonal Nova we structured So how does the port to
work in the loading process and this is allowing this expressive increase
a great professionalization is bringing an operational gain
very big and I can serve you there the weeks of the life of the industry is going
very well be from another hi hi
the stove Oi good night thanks for the interview
What's up
G1 the release of the economy is
What's up What's up
What's up
Hi good night we will not be late and in fact nothing different than us
you have every year to some increase with touch some products some
building materials EA another price drop ultimately this
has a contractual forecast every year on the anniversary of the contracts we do
one analysis is how families of building materials behave at
we make the adjustments, right, the contractual adjustment, a thing of life foreseen in the
legislation this is not going to impact what was already foreseen and we have
of budget and time of adjustment has nothing abnormal out of the curve
extraordinary thing that provokes there is a need for rebalancing
economic-financial And that will not have less impact, in fact, we promote
we delivered 66 works for this year 2011 20 only in the month of september on average
a work delivered every three days so it's going really well it's already becoming UnB
through production a curiosity here a curiosity here this trip I
I noticed some houses there with brick and cement
start with the staff decided there was a house there that lived 5 people all right
good and when you like emergency each one passed this this are already that
poor house of pau-a-pique r $ 3000 a portfolio of personal money bought brick
there and by tile the zinc tile put a
tile to warm me up so much in case the sun and consequence is this material
Missing sin in the northeast is starting today to get drowsy with me there Senator
Fernando Bezerra for the federal deputy adapted right is salad too
that he no longer has construction material in the northeast staff anymore
humble with that money that entered the family entered 1200 1805 course 600
any and ended the investment in this area has the comfort even more
tranquility at home is more security until it hurts so one of her came up
collection of rice today we stopped there at what was burned i paid it just for
the plague goat is in there, it's in my phone, I take pictures there or
bag of 15 kg of rice is photographed over there I will now take a look tomorrow
studied in the prices of burning there is with here in Brasilia until what happened
when a news you because I speak here now that we will be missing coffee no
there will be no coffee what I
1cd
the coffee will disappear disappear coffee what about the price but everything
care, right, the other was missing, I miss the rice, not so much, but the
rush another market raised the price that we were forced to do listening
obviously Teresa Cristina I don't make any decision without talking to
repeat the same thing that decided to import 400 thousand tons of rice I think
comes from the United States and an important thing is also here is How do you
is the name of heaven is a program of ours here to serve there loans for
Pronaf family farming, you know, she’s a transvestite, she didn’t tell me yesterday that
all the money is gone now so what happens
a little bit is taking a loan at Planalto for another
and other other lines of credit that we have there at Banco do Brasil in
special and will see a super harvest then the perspective our final
December with green January is too much rice on the market to give the price back to its
normality some questions about that reservation how do we
you have until the end of the reservation only food test in
control no food control and secret guard stores in the corner
reserve say the specific name of Tocantins That's it
and now I just want to go see you will not be there we already know that
what about the tabulation a certain look at Venezuela
and we don’t have in Brazil we faced other economic plans in Brazil when there was
tabulation that you add to the market Okay, so our policy is the
free market is following the line of Paulo Guerra, your Progress continues 90 is a
count there percent there is trust with me the text seriously saw not because I
I want to do something I talk to him ask for us in percent not p **** zero
for you can be very greedy you just got back here
What's up
Zé Maria
to 15
What's up
Ah ok
and Mariana’s Thanks to one with a lot of respect, right? At the end of the day,
interests are converging they want to bring public policy to their
states is we also want to do the same thing want the works to happen
so we bring the demands, they bring a sense of urgency and bring the
resources that are voting for less we are helping a lot was less for
who takes the works for you on account of the line only the last two weeks a week to
we held a meeting with all the coordinators of benches in Brazil with
all states precisely to combine how it will be allocating
menus for the structure area where we need more if how
people are going to do these works that whoever has the perspective of delivering with the relationship
a very good republican way is happening very nice
who is feeling a lot of professionalism there from the workbenches and even trying to bring
this for launch lease from the past the
who knows that the amendment was not mandatory so what the president
I was here, you know, I was looking to regret
if you want to release first league there that that old man doesn’t have to put this
with me be good or be bad it matters if you don't come back
you are not afraid for you changed the positive I voted in favor of
expository Italian deputy we are obliged to release
a little pay the 48 seconds the group 18 da Silva is impressive
believe it if you want the responsibility The vast majority of parliamentarians at the
choosing the place to present to tighten your seam is the last thing
have to talk half joins three classic deputies from that state to
do a job in your region this is exceptional
the game of Brazil the arm wrestling fight, right? I had
Zé Maria as deputy general who did not present could present the ax right
10 million of it even I couldn't take anything because I knew I wasn't going to release
I will not waste my time and have many times and [ __ ] with
this feed doesn’t pass nowadays if you have it but that’s the actions that can be ok
happening there, right, but really the person in charge is very good for school
mental and we become Visa and the staff is not a deputy praises another
so will say that I will send away attractive here only one student we will
see classify put not harming you still do not I I resign which
tasty place that put there How's it going? We don't want to have a general with the
project is not her father no
the first time singing in the program now look puts responsibility Ana Paula
ask him there you have
What's up
and agreements in relation to
and look at the end of the day What we perceive is a sense of pragmatism
very large investor we are talking to an Investment Fund
Americans very good conversation and next vitamin we have everything they
want if you have money a lot of money help negative we have here the good
active we have sophisticated structuring we have scale but we have growth and
we have a return for everything he wants so I that I have actually seen
American me entering there through some logistics operators only the
our structure sector and we look at it very positively so I
I hope it continues that way and that's it afterwards and adventure I will leave
him that you answered in the next right, since you said that you prefer capital only
to see her in Queimadas I went there two people around my neck life
federal highway that filled with electronic speed bumps filled with cardboard and from there
President then next week at the door Live us here was not the fifth there
that day have to do an electronic christmas explanation that
problem in justice that you had but it will get better very soon there we are just
the new Norma that will fly there until Bob is settled is already I think our
you wanna brought the director general of the cool road police kid the kid
exceptional exceptional really put an end to that mobile radar prank
out there now they’re fixing them so they think they’re having a blouse to wake up from
fixed radars around Brazil that he in the background but I haven't changed anything
I was enjoying the captain there, taking care of the [ __ ], we will talk I'll
talk to her in a week to talk about it there to assist me is
[ __ ] leave that nowadays what happens instead the guy is worried about
the track right with the sinuousness of the table worrying all for Mato if time
hiding there, you know, going into an abadá a pencil I think the guy I shoot
you american standard here the guy stays there any with hidden mobile radar
with Caio exaggerates Exaggerates ending up behind me until the guy who usually is
exaggerating is the guy wants the more missing this Toretto right because he heads
went to the gym no i don't want to say thanks i already went early
to do good for me to ask for anything the TV dirty bed didn’t give a tidy an art
naval made on the vehicle door on the sleeve of the shirt
the season ripped pants had inch flat pants so it has nothing to
see we'll do next week no
I’ll give it I’ll give it a break In 15 I’m going to talk about several here
to give an explanation a solution by
and friends of Jovem Pan are like half a little more active some flavors Very
thanks to you guys so watching from other times she is the hot guy
we play the focus of Brazil, it's also the person who is watching young boots
as you watched Until what time is it dropping today
and go to weird and the product the comments Ok it's just too
thanks for the opportunity until next week if God wants a hug he will
bless dentists [Laughter]
What's up